Your face is too small.
I don't like it
My face is too small
Ha ha.
I am the young master of Tengyun Chamber of Commerce
Even in the imperial capital, he can be regarded as a figure
Don't you think what you just said was funny?
The identity of the young master of Tang Ying Chamber of Commerce is indeed very noble
But compared to depression
That's not even close.
You can not eat it.
Get out, stinky beggar, what are you arrogant about?
What Jinlou card?
What's the limit?
But you colluded to triumph
A play played by the people of Yunting for everyone
Exactly.
He has been able to cheat food and drink in our Su family for three years
Long ago a repeat offender
And today was no exception.
Foolish hum
If I take out the money from this card
I don't know how many banquet halls can be filled
The wind is strong and not afraid to flash your tongue
If you can't get trillions
Don't even think about walking out of the Triumph Cloud Pavilion today
Then if I get it out
Then today I will kneel down for you
It's a deal.
A sage is wise
Today is the old man's homecoming day
Why bother?
What Gu Lao said is
Just this one.
Full of nonsense
Attempt to disrupt the thank you banquet
That's what I'm saying.
Your leg? My leg is healed.
Excuse me.
O body of the dragon lord
Unexpectedly, in today's society
There are still people who have the supreme physique of the dragon clan
I am a big surname in Qingzhou.